WRN-2869: Migrate storybook/addon-knobs to addon-controls (#16)
enactjs/storybook-utils: CHANGELOG.md

> ### Changed
> 
> * Replace `@storybook/addon-knobs` with `@storybook/addon-controls`, `@storybook/addon-toolbars`.
> 

Reviewer: Which function of `addon-toolbars` replaced which one from `addon-knob`?

```suggestion
## unreleased

* Replaced `@storybook/addon-knobs` with `@storybook/addon-controls` and `@storybook/addon-toolbars`.

```

Author: The addon-toolbars are for the global knobs, addon-controls are for the local knobs.
The addon-controls don't support globally, so this is why we need to use addon-toolbars.
